What are you looking for me for?
I won't do anything for you without telling you
It's the money I promised you.
I called you more 500,000
What do you mean?
I just wanted to find Song Zeyu's listing plan
I didn't expect Shen Yuning to be pregnant
What a surprise
I tell you, if you dare to touch Yuning
I will never let you go.
It's a little late to play sisterhood now
From the first thing you did for me
There is no turning back
You just said to send him to the room
Take a photo and bring Song Zoe out
They're inside, burning wood.
I can't go in either
That's enough!
What's the use of pursuing this now?
The money has been given to you.
Watch your mouth when we're done
You have decided
Wait a minute
Sorry, I'm a little nervous.
You seem to care about this child
My parents died young
My brother is a botanical garden again
I wish I had a family
Then you still wanted him to stay before?
All my money went to my brother's medical treatment
I can't afford him.
So you've decided